Peer-to-peer chat version 2.1

Peer.jar is ready to deploy. You may use it to test chat.

Chat consists of three classes, which run in two different threads. ChatNode and Sender in main thread,
Receiver in additional thread. In this version of chat I united server and user in one.
Chat uses UDP port 9999 to receive messages and dynamic UDP port to send them.

After start you need to enter Username, then choose IP of your host that you will use (chat will show you a list of all
IPs of your computer(it was done in testing purposes, but I decided to keep this feature)), then you need to enter
Initial IP - known IP of host which already run the chat.
Chat will join the network through Initial Host and receive list of all host's addresses in reply.
Initial Host will propagate IP of the new host to all known hosts.
When new host arrives the network - all hosts receive its IP and show special message to user.

Node ID assigns automatically as random number from 0 to 10'000'000 and is shown when you start chat.

To send the message you need to type remote node's ID then type message after a space.

There are three "service commands" you can type in:

"---all" - send message to all users in chat
"---list" - print the list of all node's IDs and addresses known to your node.
"---exit" - exit chat. When you use this command node sends "leaving message".

I did not go along with your original specification described on website, but took many things from it, including
the format of most of the messages.

Shortcomings of this version:
1. It does not check Initial IP entered by user properly - if user enters letters, the exception will shutdown the chat.
2. The list of addresses has no good methods to maintain. For example if node leave without "leaving message" and
rejoin, its IP will be mentioned in list twice, hence it will receive broadcasts twice and so on. There is no method
to renew table also.
3. If run in windows's command line - user cannot see what he types... In Linux works fine.
4. Typing remote node's ID obviously not the best way to use chat. UI should be created. It will solve the problem
as well as some other.
5. There are not enough comments in the code - sorry. I started from the scratch on Monday, because I did not like first
version with users and servers, and had no a lot of time to do all the small details. You may also find a lot of
troublshooting lines in code which are commented out currently.

Thanks for reading.